# Quality Lab
# <ins> Game 1: Scribble.io </ins>
   Scribble.io is a game where drawing out pictures for everyone to guess is the entire premise. The quality factors I believe this game portrays very well are those of usability and efficiency. The reason that this game shows quality signs of usability, is due to the simplicity of the game itself. Learning how to play the game, as well as understanding the controls are very easy to learn. On a select persons turn, they are either choosing a word to draw out to the rest of the players or trying to guess what the mystery word is based on other players drawing. The reason this game also shows signs of efficiency, is again, due to the simplicity of the game. Since it is browser based, computing power needed to run this game is extremely low, all that is needed is a stable internet connection.  
# <ins> Game 2: Smashbros Ultimate </ins>
  Smash Bros Ultimate is a Nintendo fighting game where different characters from various game titles come together to compete in a fighting tournament. This game shows the quality factors of maintainability and reliability. Because this is not only a fighting game, but one created by a major company. It is important for the game to function appropriately, especially for the use in competitive events. That is why I feel maintainability is a factor as the game is constantly being updated not only with the intention to add more features to the game, but also to fix any bugs and errors that would negatively affect user enjoyment. This ties into the quality factor of reliability as the game must perform as needed so that way replayability and an increase in player count may be possible.  
# <ins> Game 3: Among Us </ins>
  Among Us, a game that exploded in popularity as a detective style mystery game where players need to either repair their ship or discover who the imposter among them is before they are murdered. The quality factors this game shows are those of interoperability and efficiency. As the game started to grow in popularity, it started to be released on different platforms. This is where the quality of interoperability is present. Being that the game is cross platform, players from different devices and consoles can all play together utilizing the same resources without complications. Although the game is vastly popular, it still is a simple game at the core, not only with its 2D graphical designs, but also with its software. That is why the quality factor of efficiency is present here, low computing power allows the game to be run on platforms if varying computing powers.
